Added APP_URL for ability to rewrite app url (#4738)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/happy-peas-sit.md

---
'@keystonejs/keystone': minor
---

> Added APP_URL option for set custom URL of app web interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an `APP_URL` environment variable and `--app-url` command line option to a set custom URL to be reported when starting the server.
```
